\centered BYLAWS

\centered OF

\centered **[[Organization 1 Name]]**



^\centered OFFICES

^**PRINCIPAL OFFICES**. The principal office shall be in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

^**OTHER OFFICES**. The board of directors may at any time establish branch or subordinate offices at any place or places where the corporation is qualified to do business.

^\centered MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

^**PLACE OF MEETINGS**. Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place within or without the State of Nevada designated by the board of directors. In the absence of any such designation, stockholders' meetings shall be held at the principal executive office of the corporation.

^**ANNUAL MEETINGS**. The annual meetings of stockholders shall be held at a date and time designated by the board of directors. (At such meetings, directors shall be elected and any other proper business may be transacted by a plurality vote of stockholders.)

^**SPECIAL MEETINGS**. A special meeting of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes whatsoever, unless prescribed by statute or by the articles of incorporation, may be called at any time by the president and shall be called by the president or secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the board of directors, or at the request in writing of stockholders holding shares in the aggregate entitled to cast not less than a majority of the votes at any such meeting.

The request shall be in writing, specifying the time of such meeting, the place where it is to be held and the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail or by telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president or the secretary of the corporation. The officer receiving such request forthwith shall cause notice to be given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 4 and 5 of this Article II, that a meeting will be held at the time requested by the person or persons calling the meeting, not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request. If the notice is not given within twenty (20) days after receipt of the request, the person or persons requesting the meeting may give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this Section 3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the board of directors may be held.

^**NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS**. All notices of meetings of stockholders shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 5 of this Article II not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting being noticed. The notice shall specify the place, date and hour of the meeting and (i) in the case of a special meeting the general nature of the business to be transacted, or (ii) in the case of the annual meeting those matters which the board of directors, at the time of giving the notice, intends to present for action by the stockholders. The notice of any meeting at which directors are to be elected shall include the name of any nominee or nominees which, at the time of the notice, management intends to present for election.

If action is proposed to be taken at any meeting for approval of (i) contracts or transactions in which a director has a direct or indirect financial interest, (ii) an amendment to the articles of incorporation, (iii) a reorganization of the corporation, (iv) dissolution of the corporation, or (v) a distribution to preferred stockholders, the notice shall also state the general nature of such proposal.

^**MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE**. Notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be given either personally or by first-class mail or telegraphic or other written communication, charges prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at the address of such stockholder appearing on the books of the corporation or given by the stockholder to the corporation for the purpose of notice. If no such address appears on the corporation's books or is given, notice shall be deemed to have been given if sent by mail or telegram to the corporation's principal executive office, or if published at least once in a newspap er of general circulation in the county where this office is located. Personal delivery of any such notice to any officer of a corporation or association or to any member of a partnership shall constitute delivery of such notice to such corporation, association or partnership. Notice shall be deemed to have been given at the time when delivered personally or deposited in the mail or sent by telegram or other means of written communication. In the event of the transfer of stock after delivery or mailing of the notice of and prior to the holding of the meeting, it shall not be necessary to deliver or mail notice of the meeting to the transferee.

If any notice addressed to a stockholder at the address of such stockholder appearing on the books of the corporation is returned to the corporation by the United States Postal Service marked to indicate that the United States Postal Service is unable to deliver the notice to the stockholder at such address, all future notices or reports shall be deemed to have been duly given without further mailing if the same shall be available to the stockholder upon written demand of the stockholder at the principal executive office of the corporation for a period of one year from the date of the giving of such notice.

An affidavit of the mailing or other means of giving any notice of any stockholders' meeting shall be executed by the secretary, assistant secretary or any transfer agent of the corporation giving such notice, and shall be filed and maintained in the minute book of the corporation.

Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.

^**QUORUM**. The presence in person or by proxy of the holders of one-third ([[Percentage 1: Number]]%) of the shares issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except as otherwise provided by statute or the articles of incorporation. The stockholders present at a duly called or held meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to do business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum, if any action taken (other than adjournment) is approved by at least a majority of the shares re quired to constitute a quorum.

^**ADJOURNED MEETING AND NOTICE THEREOF**. Any stockholders' meeting, annual or special, whether or not a quorum is present, may be adjourned from time to time by the vote of the majority of the shares represented at such meeting, either in person or by proxy, but in the absence of a quorum, no other business may be transacted at such meeting.

When any meeting of stockholders, either annual or special, is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at a meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At any adjourned meeting the corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting.

^**VOTING**. Unless a record date set for voting purposes be fixed as provided in Section 1 of Article VII of these bylaws, only persons in whose names shares entitled to vote stand on the stock records of the corporation at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which notice is given (or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held) shall be entitled to vote at such meeting. Any stockholder entitled to vote on any matter other than elections of directors or officers, may vote part of the shares in favor of the proposal and refrain from voting the remaining shares or vote them against the proposal, but, if the stockholder fails to specify the number of shares such stockholder is voting affirmatively, it will be conclusively presumed that the stockholder's approving vote is with respect to all shares such stockholder is entitled to vote. Such vote may be by voice vote or by ballot; provided, however, that all elections for directors must be by ballot upon demand by a stockholder at any election and before the voting begins.

When a quorum is present or represented at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of the statutes or of the articles of incorporation a different vote is required in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. Every stockholder of record of the corporation shall be entitled at each meeting of stockholders to one vote for each share of stock standing in his name on the books of the corporation.

^**WAIVER OF NOTICE OR CONSENT BY ABSENT** **STOCKHOLDERS**. The transactions at any meeting of stockholders, either annual or special, however called and noticed, and wherever held, shall be as valid as though had at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a quorum be present either in person or by proxy, and if, either before or after the meeting, each person entitled to vote, not present in person or by proxy, signs a written waiver of notice or a consent to a holding of the meeting, or an approval of the minutes thereof. The waiver of notice or consent need not specify either the business to be transacted or the purpose of any regular or special meeting of stockholders, except that if action is taken or proposed to be taken for approval of any of those matters specified in the second paragraph of Section 4 of this Article II, the waiver of notice or consent shall state the general nature of such proposal. All such waivers, consents or approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting.

Attendance of a person at a meeting shall also constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person objects, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened, and except that attendance at a meeting is not a waiver of any right to object to the consideration of matters not included in the notice if such objection is expressly made at the meeting.

^**STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING**. Any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. All such consents shall be filed with the secretary of the corp oration and shall be maintained in the corporate records. Any stockholder giving a written consent, or the stockholder's proxy holders, or a transferee of the shares of a personal representative of the stockholder of their respective proxy holders, may revoke the consent by a writing received by the secretary of the corporation prior to the time that written consents of the number of shares required to authorize the proposed action have been filed with the secretary.

^**PROXIES**. Every person entitled to vote for directors or on any other matter shall have the right to do so either in person or by one or more agents authorized by a written proxy signed by the person and filed with the secretary of the corporation. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the stockholder's name is placed on the proxy (whether by manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic transmission or otherwise) by the stockholder or the stockholder's attorney in fact. A validly executed proxy which does not state that it is irrevocable sha ll continue in full force and effect unless revoked by the person executing it, prior to the vote pursuant thereto, by a writing delivered to the corporation stating that the proxy is revoked or by a subsequent proxy executed by, or attendance at the meeting and voting in person by the person executing the proxy; provided, however, that no such proxy shall be valid after the expiration of six (6) months from the date of such proxy, unless coupled with an interest, or unless the person executing it specifies therein the length of time for which it is to continue in force, which in no case shall exceed seven (7) years from the date of its execution. Subject to the above and the provisions of Section 78.355 of the [[Organization 2 Name]] Law, any proxy duly executed is not revoked and continues in full force and effect until an instrument revoking it or a duly executed proxy bearing a later date is filed with the secretary of the corporation.

^**INSPECTORS OF ELECTION**. Before any meeting of stockholders, the board of directors may appoint any persons other than nominees for office to act as inspectors of election at the meeting or its adjournment. If no inspectors of election are appointed, the chairman of the meeting may, and on the request of any stockholder or his proxy shall, appoint inspectors of election at the meeting. The number of inspectors shall be either one (1) or three (3). If inspectors are appointed at a meeting on the request of one or more stockho lders or proxies, the holders of a majority of shares or their proxies present at the meeting shall determine whether one (1) or three (3) inspectors are to be appointed. If any person appointed as inspector fails to appear or fails or refuses to act, the vacancy may be filled by appointment by the board of directors before the meeting, or by the chairman at the meeting.

The duties of these inspectors shall be as follows:

^^Determine the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, and the authenticity, validity, and effect of proxies;

^^Receive votes, ballots, or consents;

^^Hear and determine all challenges and questions in any way arising in connection with the right to vote;

^^Count and tabulate all votes or consents;

^^Determine the election result; and  
^^Do any other acts that may be proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders.

^\centered DIRECTORS

^**POWERS**. Subject to the provisions of the [[Organization 2 Name]] Law and any limitations in the articles of incorporation and these bylaws relating to action required to be approved by the stockholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the direction of the board of directors.

Without prejudice to such general powers, but subject to the same limitations, it is hereby expressly declared that the directors shall have the power and authority to:

^^Select and remove all officers, agents, and employees of the corporation, prescribe such powers and duties for them as may not be inconsistent with law, with the articles of incorporation or these bylaws, fix their compensation, and require from them security for faithful service.

^^Change the principal executive office or the principal business office from one location to another; cause the corporation to be qualified to do business in any other state, territory, dependency, or foreign country and conduct business within or without the State; designate any place within or without the State for the holding of any stockholders' meeting, or meetings, including annual meetings; adopt, make and use a corporate seal, and prescribe the forms of certificates of stock, and alter the form of such seal and of such certificates from time to time as in their judgment they may deem best, provided that such forms shall at all times comply with the provisions of law.

^^Authorize the issuance of shares of stock of the corporation from time to time, upon such terms as may be lawful, in consideration of money paid, labor done or services actually rendered, debts or securities cancelled, tangible or intangible property actually received.

^^Borrow money and incur indebtedness for the purpose of the corporation, and cause to be executed and delivered therefor, in the corporate name, promissory notes, bonds, debentures, deeds of trust, mortgages, pledges, hypothecations, or other evidences of debt and securities therefor.

^**NUMBER OF DIRECTORS**. The authorized number of directors shall be no fewer than one (1) nor more than seven (7). The exact number of authorized directors shall be set by resolution of the board of directors, within the limits specified above. The maximum or minimum number of directors cannot be changed, nor can a fixed number be substituted for the maximum and minimum numbers, except by a duly adopted amendment to this bylaw duly approved by a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.

^**QUALIFICATION, ELECTION AND TERM OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS**. Directors shall be elected at each annual meeting of the stockholders to hold office until the next annual meeting, but if any such annual meeting is not held or the directors are not elected at any annual meeting, the directors may be elected at any special meeting of stockholders held for that purpose, or at the next annual meeting of stockholders held thereafter. Each director, including a director elected to fill a vacancy, shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which elected and until a successor has been elected and qualified o r until his earlier resignation or removal or his office has been declared vacant in the manner provided in these bylaws. Directors need not be stockholders.

^**RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS**. Any director may resign effective upon giving written notice to the chairman of the board, the president, the secretary or the board of directors of the corporation, unless the notice specifies a later time for the effectiveness of such resignation, in which case such resignation shall be effective at the time specified. Unless such resignation specifies otherwise, its acceptance by the corporation shall not be necessary to make it effective. The board of directors may declare vacant the office of a director who has been declared of unsound mind by an order of a court or convicted of a felony. Any or all of the directors may be removed without cause of such removal is approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before his term of office expires.

^**VACANCIES**. Vacancies in the board of directors, may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Each director so elected shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders and until a successor has been elected and qualified.

^vacancy in the board of directors exists as to any authorized position of directors which is not then filled by a duly elected director, whether caused by death, resignation, removal, increase in the authorized number of directors or otherwise.

The stockholders may elect a director or directors at any time to fill any vacancy or vacancies not filled by the directors, but any such election by written consent shall require the consent of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. If the resignation of a director is effective at a future time, the board of directors may elect a successor to take office when the resignation becomes effective.

If after the filling of any vacancy by the directors, the directors then in office who have been elected by the stockholders shall constitute less than a majority of the directors then in office, any holder or holders of an aggregate of five percent or more of the total number of shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors may call a special meeting of the stockholders to elect the entire board. The term of office of any director not elected by the stockholders shall terminate upon the election of a successor.

^**PLACE OF MEETINGS**. Regular meetings of the board of directors shall be held at any place within or without the State of Nevada that has been designated from time to time by resolution of the board. In the absence of such designation, regular meetings shall be held at the principal executive office of the corporation. Special meetings of the board shall be held at any place within or without the State of Nevada that has been designated in the notice of the meeting or, if not stated in the notice or there is not notice, at the principal executive office of the corporation. Any meeting, regular or special, may be held by conference telephone or similar communication equipment, so long as all directors participating in such meeting can hear one another, and all such directors shall be deemed to be present in person at such meeting.

^**ANNUAL MEETINGS**. Immediately following each annual meeting of stockholders, the board of directors shall hold a regular meeting for the purpose of transaction of other business. Notice of this meeting shall not be required.

^**OTHER REGULAR MEETINGS**. Other regular meetings of the board of directors shall be held without call at such time as shall from time to time be fixed by the board of directors. Such regular meetings may be held without notice, provided the notice of any change in the time of any such meetings shall be given to all of the directors. Notice of a change in the determination of the time shall be given to each director in the same manner as notice for special meetings of the board of directors.

^**SPECIAL MEETINGS**. Special meetings of the board of directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairman of the board or the president or any vice president or the secretary or any two directors.

Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered personally or by telephone to each director or sent by first-class mail or facsimile, charges prepaid, addressed to each director at his or her address as it is shown upon the records of the corporation. In case such notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least four (4) days prior to the time of the holding of the meeting. In case such notice is delivered personally, or by telephone or facsimile, it shall be delivered personally or by telephone or facsimile at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice given personally or by telephone may be communicated to either the director or to a person at the office of the director who the person giving the notice ha s reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the director. The notice need not specify the purpose of the meeting nor the place if the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of the corporation.

^**QUORUM**. A majority of the authorized number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except to adjourn as hereinafter provided. Every act or decision done or made by a majority of the directors present at a meeting duly held at which a quorum is present shall be regarded as the act of the board of directors, subject to the provisions of Section 78.140 of the [[Organization 2 Name]] Law (approval of contracts or transactions in which a director has a direct or indirect material financial interest), Section 160;78.125 (appointment of committees), and Section 78.751 (indemnification of directors). A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for such meeting.

^**WAIVER OF NOTICE**. The transactions of any meeting of the board of directors, however called and noticed or wherever held, shall be as valid as though had at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice if a quorum be present and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the directors not present signs a written waiver of notice, a consent to holding the meeting or an approval of the minutes thereof. The waiver of notice of consent need not specify the purpose of the meeting. All such waivers, consents and approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting. Notice of a meeting shall also be deemed given to any director who attends the meeting without protesting, prior thereto or at its commencement, the lack of notice to such director.

^**ADJOURNMENT**. A majority of the directors present, whether or not constituting a quorum, may adjourn any meeting to another time and place.

^**NOTICE OF ADJOURNMENT**. Notice of the time and place of holding an adjourned meeting need not be given, unless the meeting is adjourned for more than twenty-four (24) hours, in which case notice of such time and place shall be given prior to the time of the adjourned meeting, in the manner specified in Section 8 of this Article III, to the directors who were not present at the time of the adjournment.

^**ACTION WITHOUT MEETING**. Any action required or permitted to be taken by the board of directors may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the board shall individually or collectively consent in writing to such action. Such action by written consent shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of the board of directors. Such written consent or consents shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the board.

^**FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS**. Directors and members of committees may receive such compensation, if any, for their services, and such reimbursement of expenses, as may be fixed or determined by resolution of the board of directors. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent, employee, or otherwise, and receiving compensation for such services. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending c ommittee meetings.

^\centered COMMITTEES

^**COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS**. The board of directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the authorized number of directors, designate one or more committees, each consisting of one or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of the board. The board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committees, who may replace any absent member at any meeting of the committee. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the board, shall have all the authority of the board, except with regard to:

^^the approval of any action which, under the [[Organization 2 Name]] Law, also requires stockholders' approval or approval of the outstanding shares;

^^the filing of vacancies on the board of directors or in any committees;

^^the fixing of compensation of the directors for serving on the board or on any committee;

^^the amendment or repeal of bylaws or the adoption of new bylaws;

^^the amendment or repeal of any resolution of the board of directors which by its express terms is not so amendable or repealable;

^^a distribution to the stockholders of the corporation, except at a rate or in a periodic amount or within a price range determined by the board of directors; or

^^the appointment of any other committees of the board of directors or the members thereof.

^**MEETINGS AND ACTION BY COMMITTEES**. Meetings and action of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of Article III, Sections 6 (place of meetings), 8 (regular meetings), 9 (special meetings and notice), 10 (quorum), 11 (waiver of notice), 12 (adjournment), 13 (notice of adjournment) and 14 (action without meeting), with such changes in the context of those bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the board of directors and its members, except that the time or regular meetings of committees may be determined by resolutions of the board of dir ectors and notice of special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The board of directors may adopt rules for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these bylaws. The committees shall keep regular minutes of their proceedings and report the same to the board when required.

^\centered OFFICERS

^**OFFICERS**. The officers of the corporation shall be a president, a secretary and a treasurer. The corporation may also have, at the discretion of the board of directors, a chairman of the board, one or more vice presidents, one or more assistant secretaries, one or more assistant treasurers, and such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 3 of this Article V. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person.

^**ELECTION OF OFFICERS**. The officers of the corporation, except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 3 or Section 5 of this Article V, shall be chosen by the board of directors, and each shall serve at the pleasure of the board, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment. The board of directors at its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders shall choose a president, a vice president, a secretary and a treasurer, none of whom need be a member of the board. The salaries of all officers and ag ents of the corporation shall be fixed by the board of directors.

^**SUBORDINATE OFFICERS, ETC**. The board of directors may appoint, and may empower the president to appoint, such other officers as the business of the corporation may require, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority and perform such duties as are provided in the bylaws or as the board of directors may from time to time determine.

^**REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS**. The officers of the corporation shall hold office until their successors are chosen and qualify. Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by the board of directors, at any regular or special meeting thereof, or, except in case of an officer chosen by the board of directors, by any officer upon whom such power or removal may be conferred by the board of directors.

Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein; and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any such resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party.

^**VACANCIES IN OFFICES**. A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or any other cause shall be filled in the manner prescribed in these bylaws for regular appointments to such office.

^**CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD**. The chairman of the board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if present, preside at all meetings of the board of directors and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may be from time to time assigned to him by the board of directors or prescribed by the bylaws. If there is no president, the chairman of the board shall in addition be the chief executive officer of the corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 7 of this Article V.

^**PRESIDENT**. Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the board of directors to the chairman of the board, if there be such an officer, the president shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation and shall, subject to the control of the board of directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and the officers of the corporation. He shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in the absence of the chairman of the board, of if there be none, at all meetings of the board of directors. He shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the office of president of a corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or the bylaws. He shall execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the board of directors to some other officer or agent of the corporation.

^**VICE PRESIDENTS**. In the absence or disability of the president, the vice presidents, if any, in order of their rank as fixed by the board of directors or, if not ranked, a vice president designated by the board of directors, shall perform all the duties of the president, and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the president. The vice presidents shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively by the board of directors or the bylaws, the president or the chairman of the board. 

^**SECRETARY**. The secretary shall attend all meetings of the board of directors and all meetings of the stockholders and shall record, keep or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office or such other place as the board of directors may order, a book of minutes of all meetings of directors, committees of directors and stockholders, with the time and place of holding, whether regular or special, and, if special, how authorized, the notice thereof given, the names of those present at directors' and committee meetings, the number of shares present or represented at stockholders' meetings, and the proceedings there of.

The secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office or at the office of the corporation's transfer agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the board of directors, a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates issued for the same, and the number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation.

The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of stockholders and of the board of directors required by the bylaws or by law to be given, and he shall keep the seal of the corporation in safe custody, as may be prescribed by the board of directors or by the bylaws.

^**TREASURER**. The treasurer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital, retained earnings and shares. The books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any director.

The treasurer shall deposit all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the corporation with such depositories as may be designated by the board of directors. He shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors, shall render to the president and directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of his transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the corporation, and shall have other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or the bylaws.

If required by the board of directors, the treasurer shall give the corporation a bond in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the board of directors for the faithful performance of the duties of his office and for the restoration to the corporation, in case of his death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in his possession or under his control belonging to the corporation.

^\centered INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES,

\centered AND OTHER AGENTS

^**ACTIONS OTHER THAN BY THE CORPORATION**. The corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including a ttorneys' fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, has no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, does not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and that, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, he had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

^**ACTIONS BY THE CORPORATION**. The corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys' fees, actually and reaso nably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper.

^**SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE**. To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 1 and 2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he must be indemnified by the corporation against expenses, including attorneys' fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense.

^**REQUIRED APPROVAL**. Any indemnification under Sections 1 and 2, unless ordered by a court or advanced pursuant to Section 5, must be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances. The determination must be made:

^^By the stockholders;  
^^By the board of directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the act, suit or proceeding;

^^If a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the act, suit or proceeding so orders, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; or

^^If a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the act, suit or proceeding cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion.

^**ADVANCE OF EXPENSES**. The articles of incorporation, the bylaws or an agreement made by the corporation may provide that the expenses of officers and directors incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding must be paid by the corporation as they are incurred and in advance of the final disposition of the action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation. The provisions of this section do not affect any rights to advancement of expenses to which corporate personnel other than directors or officers may be entitled under any contract or otherwise by law.

^**OTHER RIGHTS**. The indemnification and advancement of expenses authorized in or ordered by a court pursuant to this Article VI:

^^Does not exclude any other rights to which a person seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the articles of incorporation or any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, for either an action in his official capacity or an action in another capacity while holding his office, except that indemnification, unless ordered by a court pursuant to Section 2 or for the advancement of expenses made pursuant to Section 5, may not be made to or on behalf of any director or officer if a final adjudication establishes that his acts or omissions involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of the law and was material to the cause of action.

^^Continues for a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and inures to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

^**INSURANCE**. The corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise for any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article VI.

^**RELIANCE ON PROVISIONS**. Each person who shall act as an authorized representative of the corporation shall be deemed to be doing so in reliance upon the rights of indemnification provided by this Article.

^**SEVERABILITY**. If any of the provisions of this Article are held to be invalid or unenforceable, this Article shall be construed as if it did not contain such invalid or unenforceable provision and the remaining provisions of this Article shall remain in full force and effect.

^**RETROACTIVE EFFECT**. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the rights and powers granted pursuant to this Article VI shall apply to acts and actions occurring or in progress prior to its adoption by the board of directors.

^\centered RECORDS AND BOOKS

^**MAINTENANCE OF SHARE REGISTER**. The corporation shall keep at its principal executive office, or at the office of its transfer agent or registrar, if either be appointed and as determined by resolution of the board of directors, a record of its stockholders, giving the names and addresses of all stockholders and the number and class of shares held by each stockholder.

^**MAINTENANCE OF BYLAWS**. The corporation shall keep at its principal executive office, or if its principal executive office is not in this State at its principal business office in this State, the original or a copy of the bylaws as amended to date, which shall be open to inspection by the stockholders at all reasonable times during office hours. If the principal executive office of the corporation is outside this state and the corporation has no principal business office in this state, the secretary shall, upon the written request of any stockholder, furnish to such stockholder a copy of the bylaws as amen ded to date.

^**MAINTENANCE OF OTHER CORPORATE RECORDS**. The accounting books and records and minutes of proceedings of the stockholders and the board of directors and any committee or committees of the board of directors shall be kept at such place or places designated by the board of directors, or, in the absence of such designation, at the principal executive office of the corporation. The minutes shall be kept in written form and the accounting books and records shall be kept either in written form or in any other form capable of being converted into written form.

Every director shall have the absolute right at any reasonable time to inspect and copy all books, records and documents of every kind and to inspect the physical properties of this corporation and any subsidiary of this corporation. Such inspection by a director may be made in person or by agent or attorney and the right of inspection includes the right to copy and make extracts. The foregoing rights of inspection shall extend to the records of each subsidiary of the corporation.

^**ANNUAL REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS**. Nothing herein shall be interpreted as prohibiting the board of directors from issuing annual or other periodic reports to the stockholders of the corporation as they deem appropriate.

^**FINANCIAL STATEMENTS**. A copy of any annual financial statement and any income statement of the corporation for each quarterly period of each fiscal year, and any accompanying balance sheet of the corporation as of the end of each such period, that has been prepared by the corporation shall be kept on file in the principal executive office of the corporation for twelve (12) months.

^**ANNUAL LIST OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND RESIDENT AGENT**. The corporation shall, on or before [[Date 1: Date]] of each year, file with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, on the prescribed form, a list of its officers and directors and a designation of its resident agent in Nevada.

^\centered GENERAL CORPORATE MATTERS

^**RECORD DATE**. For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting or to vote or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) days nor less than ten (10) days prior to the date of any such meeting nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any other action, and in such case only stockholders of record on the date so fixed are entitled to notice and to vote or to receive the divi dend, distribution or allotment of rights or to exercise the rights, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any shares on the books of the corporation after the record date fixed as aforesaid, except as otherwise provided in the [[Organization 2 Name]] Law.

If the board of directors does not so fix a record date:

^^The record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held.

^^The record date for determining stockholders entitled to give consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the board has been taken, shall be the day on which the first written consent is given.

^^The record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the board adopts the resolution relating thereto, or the sixtieth (60th) day prior to the date of such other action, whichever is later.

^**CLOSING OF TRANSFER BOOKS**. The directors may prescribe a period not exceeding sixty (60) days prior to any meeting of the stockholders during which no transfer of stock on the books of the corporation may be made, or may fix a date not more than sixty (60) days prior to the holding of any such meeting as the day as of which stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting shall be determined; and only stockholders of record on such day shall be entitled to notice or to vote at such meeting.

^**REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS**. The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Nevada.

^**CHECKS, DRAFTS, EVIDENCES OF INDEBTEDNESS**. All checks, drafts or other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness, issued in the name of or payable to the corporation, shall be signed or endorsed by such person or persons and in such manner as, from time to time, shall be determined by resolution of the board of directors.

^**CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS; HOW EXECUTED**. The board of directors, except as in the bylaws otherwise provided, may authorize any officer or officers, agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances; and, unless so authorized or ratified by the board of directors or within the agency power or authority to bind the corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or to any amount.

^**STOCK CERTIFICATES**. A certificate or certificates for shares of the capital stock of the corporation shall be issued to each stockholder when any such shares are fully paid, and the board of directors may authorize the issuance of certificates or shares as partly paid provided that such certificates shall state the amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon. All certificates shall be signed in the name of the corporation by the president or vice president and by the treasurer or an assistant treasurer or the secretary or any assistant secretary, certifying the number of sh ares and the class or series of shares owned by the stockholder. When the corporation is authorized to issue shares of more than one class or more than one series of any class, there shall be set forth upon the face or back of the certificate, or the certificate shall have a statement that the corporation will furnish to any stockholders upon request and without charge, a full or summary statement of the designations, preferences and relatives, participating, optional or other special rights of the various classes of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such rights, and, if the corporation shall be authorized to issue only special stock, such certificate must set forth in full or summarize the rights of the holders of such stock. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have cea sed to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if such person were an officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.

No new certificate for shares shall be issued in place of any certificate theretofore issued unless the latter is surrendered and canceled at the same time; provided, however, that a new certificate may be issued without the surrender and cancellation of the old certificate if the certificate thereto fore issued is alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. In case of any such allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, the corporation may require the owner thereof or the legal representative of such owner to give the corporation a bond (or other adequate security) sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it (including any expense or liability) on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate.

^**DIVIDENDS**. Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to the provisions of the articles of incorporation, if any, may be declared by the board of directors at any regular or special meeting pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the articles of incorporation.

Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or for such other purpose as the directors shall think conducive to the interest of the corporation, and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserves in the manner in which it was created.

^**FISCAL YEAR**. The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors.

^**SEAL**. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the corporation, the year of its incorporation and the words "Corporate Seal, Nevada."

^**REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS**. The chairman of the board, the president, or any vice president, or any other person authorized by resolution of the board of directors by any of the foregoing designated officers, is authorized to vote on behalf of the corporation any and all shares of any other corporation or corporations, foreign or domestic, standing in the name of the corporation. The authority herein granted to said officers to vote or represent on behalf of the corporation any and all shares held by the corporation in any ot her corporation or corporations may be exercised by any such officer in person or by any person authorized to do so by proxy duly executed by said officer.

^**CONTROL SHARE ACQUISITION EXEMPTION**. The corporation elects not to be governed by the provisions of NRS 78.378 to NRS 78.3793 inclusive, generally known as the Control Share Acquisition Statute under the Nevada Business Corporation Law, which contains a provision governing Acquisition of Controlling Interest.

Section 12. COMBINATIONS WITH INTERESTED STOCKHOLDERS. The corporation elects not to be governed by the provisions of NRS 78.411 through NRS 78.444, inclusive, of the Nevada Business Corporation Law.

^**CONSTRUCTION AND DEFINITIONS**. Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the [[Organization 2 Name]] Law shall govern the construction of the bylaws. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term "person" includes both a corporation and a natural person.

^\centered AMENDMENTS

^**AMENDMENTS.** These bylaws or any of them may be altered or repealed, and new bylaws may be adopted, by the stockholders by a vote at a meeting or by written consent without a meeting. The board of directors shall also have the power, by a majority vote of the Whole Board, to alter or repeal any of these bylaws, and to adopt new bylaws, except as otherwise provided by law or by the articles of incorporation.

\centered **CERTIFICATE OF SECRETARY**

^, the undersigned, do hereby certify:  
^That I am the duly elected and acting secretary of [[Organization 1 Name]], a Nevada corporation; and

^That the foregoing Bylaws, comprising nineteen (19) pages, constitute the Bylaws of said corporation as duly adopted and approved by the board of directors of said corporation by a Unanimous Written Consent dated as of [[Date 2: Date]], and duly adopted and approved by the stockholder of said corporation at a special meeting held on [[Date 2]].

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto subscribed my name and affixed the seal of said corporation this [[Date 3: Date]].

**/s/ Molly Country**  
Molly Country, Secretary