\centered [[Organization 1 Name]]

\centered AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

\centered ([[Date 1: Date]])

^\centered MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

^Annual Meeting. The corporation shall hold an annual meeting of its stockholders to elect directors and transact any other business within its powers, on such date and at such time as shall be set by the Board of Directors.

^Special Meetings. (a) General. The chairman of the board, the president, the chief executive officer or the Board of Directors may call a special meeting of the stockholders. Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 1.02, a special meeting of the stockholders shall also be called by the secretary of the Corporation to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting.

^^Stockholder-Requested Special Meetings. (1) Any stockholder of record seeking to have stockholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the secretary (the “Record Date Request Notice”) by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date to determine the stockholders entitled to request a special meeting (the “Request Record Date”). The Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it, shall be signed by one or more stockholders of record as of the date of signature (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the Record Date Request Notice), shall bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) and shall set forth all information relating to each such stockholder,  each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director and each matter proposed to be acted on at the meeting that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice, the Board of Directors may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall not precede, and shall not be more than ten days after the close of business on, the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors, within ten days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth day after the first date on which the Record Date Request Notice is received by the secretary.

^In order for any stockholder to request a special meeting to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders, one or more

written requests for a special meeting (collectively, the “Special Meeting Request”) signed by stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the request) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting (the “Special Meeting Percentage”) shall be delivered to the secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall (a) set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to those lawful matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the secretary), (b) bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, (c) set forth (i) the name and address, as they appear in the Corporation’s books, of each stockholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is signed), (ii) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned (beneficially or of record) by such stockholder and (iii) the nominee holder for, and number of, shares of stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, (d) be sent to the secretary by registered mail, return receipt requested, and (e) be received by the secretary within 60 days after the Request Record Date. Any requesting stockholder (or agent duly authorized in a writing accompanying the revocation or the Special Meeting Request) may revoke his, her or its request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the secretary.

^The secretary shall inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and delivering the notice of the meeting (including the Corporation’s proxy materials). The secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon stockholder request and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by paragraph (2) of this Section 1.02(b), the secretary receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the preparation and mailing of any notice of the meeting. If each of the proposals presented by a requesting stockholder at such meeting is adopted, and each of the individuals nominated by or on behalf of the requesting stockholder for election as a director at such meeting is elected, then the Corporation shall refund to the requesting stockholder the amount of such reasonably estimated cost.

^In the case of any special meeting called by the secretary upon the request of stockholders (a “Stockholder-Requested Meeting”), such meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of Directors; *provided*, however, that the date of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting shall be not more than 90 days after the record date for such meeting (the “Meeting Record Date”); and *provided further* that if the Board of Directors fails to designate, within ten days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is actually received by the secretary (the “Delivery Date”), a date and time for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2:00 p.m. local time on the 90th day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such 90th day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day; and *provided further* that in the event that the Board of Directors fails to designate a place for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting within ten days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. In fixing a date for any special meeting, the chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president or Board of Directors may consider such factors as he, she or it deems relevant, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for the meeting, and any plan of the Board of Directors to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting, if the Board of Directors fails to fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date within 30 days after the

Delivery Date, then the close of business on the 30th day after the Delivery Date shall be the Meeting Record Date. The Board of Directors may revoke the notice for any Stockholder-Requested Meeting in the event that the requesting stockholders fail to comply with the provisions of paragraph (3) of this Section 1.02(b).

^If written revocations of the Special Meeting Request have been delivered to the secretary and the result is that stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting to the secretary, the secretary shall: (i) if the notice of meeting has not already been delivered, the secretary shall refrain from delivering the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been delivered and if the secretary first sends to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked requests for a special meeting on a matter written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Company’s intention to revoke the notice of the meeting or for the chairman of the meeting to adjourn the meeting without action on the matter, (A) the secretary may revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten days before the commencement of the meeting or (B) the chairman of the meeting may call the meeting to order and adjourn the meeting without acting on the matter. Any request for a special meeting received after a revocation by the secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting.

^The chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president or Board of Directors may appoint regionally or nationally recognized independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Corporation for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special Meeting Request received by the secretary. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported Special Meeting Request shall be deemed to have been delivered to the secretary until the earlier of (i) five Business Days after receipt by the secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the secretary that the valid requests received by the secretary represent, as of the Request Record Date, stockholders of record entitled to cast not less than the Special Meeting Percentage. Nothing contained in this paragraph (6) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Corporation or any stockholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such five Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation).

^For purposes of these Bylaws, “Business Day” shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of California are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.

^Notice of Meetings. Not less than ten nor more than 90 days before each meeting of stockholders, the secretary shall give to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting, and to each stockholder not entitled to vote who is entitled to notice of the meeting, notice in writing or by electronic transmission stating the time and place of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting or as otherwise may be required by any statute, the purpose for which the meeting is called, by mail, by presenting it to such stockholder personally, by leaving it at the stockholder’s residence or usual place of business or by any other means permitted by Maryland law. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder’s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid. If transmitted electronically, such notice shall be deemed to be given when transmitted to the stockholder by an electronic transmission to any address or number of the stockholder at which the stockholder receives electronic transmissions. A single notice to all stockholders who share an address shall be effective as to any stockholder at such address who consents to such notice or after having been notified of the Corporation’s intent to give a single notice fails to object in writing to such single notice within 60 days. Failure to give notice of any meeting to one or more stockholders, or any irregularity in such notice, shall not affect the validity of any meeting fixed in accordance with this Article I, or the validity of any proceedings at any such meeting.

Subject to Section 1.11(a) of this Article I, any business of the Corporation may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders without being specifically designated in the notice, except such business as is required by any statute to be stated in such notice. No business shall be transacted at a special meeting of stockholders except as specifically designated in the notice. The Corporation may postpone or cancel a meeting of stockholders by making a “public announcement” (as defined in Section 1.11(c)(3)) of such postponement or cancellation prior to the meeting. Notice of the date to which the meeting is postponed shall be given not less than ten days prior to such date and otherwise in the manner set forth in this section.

^Quorum; Voting. At any meeting of stockholders the presence in person or by proxy of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting on any matter constitutes a quorum, and a majority of all the votes cast on such matter at a meeting at which a quorum is present is sufficient to approve any matter (including the election of a director) which properly comes before the meeting; but this section shall not affect any requirement under any statute or the charter of the Corporation (the “Charter”) for the vote necessary for the adoption of any measure. The stockholders present either in person or by proxy, at a meeting which has been duly called and at which a quorum was established, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum.

^Adjournments. Whether or not a quorum is present, a meeting of stockholders convened on the date for which it was called may be adjourned from time to time by the chairman of the meeting or by a majority vote of the stockholders present in person or by proxy, without further notice other than announcement at the meeting, to a date not more then 120 days after the original record date. Any business which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified may be deferred and transacted at any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present.

^General Right to Vote; Proxies. Unless the Charter provides for a greater or lesser number of votes per share or limits or denies voting rights, each outstanding share of stock, regardless of class, is entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders. In all elections for directors, each share of stock may be voted for as many individuals as there are directors to be elected and for whose election the share is entitled to be voted. A stockholder may cast the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the shares of stock owned of record by the stockholder in person or by proxy executed by the stockholder or by the stockholder’s duly authorized agent in any manner permitted by law. Such proxy or evidence of authorization of such proxy shall be filed with the secretary of the Corporation. No proxy shall be valid more than eleven months after its date unless otherwise provided in the proxy.

^Inspectors. The Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting may appoint, before or at the meeting, one or more inspectors for the meeting and any successor thereto. The inspectors, if any, shall (i) determine the number of shares of stock represented at the meeting, in person or by proxy and the validity and effect of proxies, (ii) receive and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, (iii) report such tabulation to the chair of the meeting, (iv) hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote and (v) do such acts as are proper to fairly conduct the election or vote. Each such report shall be in writing and signed by him or her or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such meeting. If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. The report of the inspector or inspectors on the number of shares represented at the meeting and the results of the voting shall be *prima facie* evidence thereof.

^Organization and Conduct. Every meeting of stockholders shall be conducted by an individual appointed by the Board of Directors to be chairman of the meeting or, in the absence of such appointment, by the chairman of the board or a person appointed by the chairman of the board to conduct the meeting, or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the chairman of the board and in the absence of such appointment by the chairman of the board, by one of the following officers present at the meeting and in the following order: the vice chairman of the board, if there is one, the chief executive officer, the president, the vice presidents in their order of rank and seniority, or, in the absence of such officers, a chairman chosen by the stockholders by the vote of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or by proxy. The secretary, or, in the secretary’s absence, an assistant secretary, or in the absence of both the secretary and assistant secretaries, a person appointed by the Board of Directors or, in the absence of such appointment, a person appointed by the chairman of the meeting shall act as secretary. In the event that the secretary presides at a meeting of the stockholders, an assistant secretary, or in the absence of assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting, shall record the minutes of the meeting. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined by the chairman of the meeting. The chairman of the meeting may prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and take such action as, in the discretion of the chairman and without any action by the stockholders, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, (a) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of the meeting; (b) limiting attendance at the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized proxies and other such individuals as the chairman of the meeting may determine; (c) limiting participation at the meeting on any matter to stockholders of record of the Corporation entitled to vote on such matter, their duly authorized proxies and other such individuals as the chairman of the meeting may determine; (d) limiting the time allotted to questions or comments by participants; (e) determining when the polls should be opened and closed; (f) maintaining order and security at the meeting; (g) removing any stockholder or any other individual who refuses to comply with meeting procedures, rules or guidelines as set forth by the chairman of the meeting; (h) concluding a meeting or recessing or adjourning the meeting to a later date and time and at a place announced at the meeting; and (i) complying with any state and local laws and regulations concerning safety and security. Unless otherwise determined by the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. If demanded by stockholders, present in person or by proxy, entitled to cast [[Percentage 1: Number]]% of the number of votes entitled to be cast, or if ordered by the chairman, the vote upon any election or question shall be taken by ballot. Unless so demanded or ordered, no vote need be by ballot.

^Telephone Meetings. The Board of Directors or chairman of the meeting may permit stockholders to participate in meetings of the stockholders by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means constitutes presence in person at the meeting.

^Voting of Stock by Certain Holders. Stock of the Corporation registered in the name of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, if entitled to be voted, may be voted by the president or a vice president, a general partner or trustee thereof, as the case may be, or a proxy appointed by any of the foregoing individuals, unless some other person who has been appointed to vote such stock pursuant to a bylaw or a resolution of the governing body of such corporation or other entity or agreement of the partners of a partnership presents a certified copy of such bylaw, resolution or agreement, in which case such person may vote such stock. Any director or other fiduciary may vote stock registered in his or her name in his or her capacity as such fiduciary, either in person or by proxy.

Shares of stock of the Corporation directly or indirectly owned by it shall not be voted at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares entitled to be voted at any given time, unless they are held by it in a fiduciary capacity, in which case they may be voted and shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given time.

The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution a procedure by which a stockholder may certify in writing to the Corporation that any shares of stock registered in the name of the stockholder are held for the account of a specified person other than the stockholder. The resolution shall set forth the class of stockholders who may make the certification, the purpose for which the certification may be made, the form of certification and the information to be contained in it; if the certification is with respect to a record date, the time after the record date within which the certification must be received by the Corporation; and any other provisions with respect to the procedure which the Board of Directors considers necessary or desirable. On receipt of such certification, the person specified in the certification shall be regarded as, for the purposes set forth in the certification, the stockholder of record of the specified stock in place of the stockholder who makes the certification.

^Advance Notice of Stockholder Nominees for Director and Other Stockholder Proposals.

^^Annual Meetings of Stockholders. (1) Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) pursuant to the Corporation’s notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice by the stockholder as provided for in this Section 1.11(a) and at the time of the annual meeting who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on the proposal of other business, as the case may be, and who has complied with this Section 1.11(a).

^For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 1.11, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of the Corporation and such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by the stockholders. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice shall set forth all information required under this Section 1.11 and shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 90th day or later than 5:00 pm, Pacific Time, on the 60th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year’s annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year’s annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5:00 pm, Pacific Time, on the later of the 60th day prior to the date of such annual meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder’s notice as described above.

^Such stockholder’s notice shall set forth:

^^^as to each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director (each, a “Proposed Nominee”), all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder (including the Proposed Nominee’s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected);

^^^as to any business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a description of such business, the stockholder’s reasons for proposing such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), individually or in the aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder or the Stockholder Associated Person therefrom;

^^^as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Proposed Nominee and any Stockholder Associated Person,

^the class, series and number of all shares of stock or other securities of the Corporation or any affiliate thereof (collectively, the “Company Securities”), if any, which are owned (beneficially or of record) by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person and any short interest (including any opportunity to profit or share in any benefit from any decrease in the price of such stock or other security) in any Company Securities of any such person,

^the nominee holder for, and number of, any Company Securities owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person,

^whether and the extent to which such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, directly or indirectly (through brokers, nominees or otherwise), is subject to or, during the last six months, has engaged in any hedging, derivative or other transaction or series of transactions or entered into any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short interest, any borrowing or lending of securities or any proxy or voting agreement), the effect or intent of which is to manage risk or benefit from changes in the price of Company Securities for such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person or to increase or decrease the voting power of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof disproportionately to such person’s economic interest in the Company Securities and

^any substantial interest, direct or indirect, including (without limitation) any existing or prospective commercial, business or contractual relationship with the Corporation, by security holdings or otherwise, of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, individually or in the aggregate, in the Corporation or any affiliate thereof, other than an interest arising from the ownership of Company Securities where such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a *pro rata* basis by all other holders of the same class or series.

^^^as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Stockholder Associated Person with an interest or ownership referred to in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (3) of this Section 1.11(a) and any Proposed Nominee:

^the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation’s stock ledger, and the current name, business address, if different, and residence address of each such Stockholder Associated Person and any Proposed Nomineeand

^the investment strategy or objective, if any, of such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person who is not an individual and a copy of the prospectus, offering memorandum or similar document, if any, provided to investors or potential investors in such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person; and

^^^to the extent known by the stockholder giving the notice, the name and address of any other stockholder supporting the nominee for election or reelection as a director or the proposal of other business on the date of such stockholder’s notice.

^Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (a) of this Section 1.11 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased and there is no public announcement of such action at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement for the preceding year’s annual meeting, a stockholder’s notice required by this Section 1.11(a) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on the tenth dayfollowing the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation.

^For purposes of this Section 1.11, “Stockholder Associated Person” of any stockholder means (i) any person acting in concert with such stockholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder (other than a stockholder that is a depositary) and (iii) any person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such stockholder or such Stockholder Associated Person.

^^Special Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation’s notice of meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (ii) by a stockholder that has requested that a special meeting be called for the purpose of electing directors in compliance with Section 1.02 of this Article I and that has supplied the information required by Section 1.02 of this Article I about each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election of directors or (iii) provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with Section 1.02 of this Article I for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 1.11 and at the time of the special meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.11. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board of Directors, any such stockholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a director as specified in the Corporation’s notice of meeting, if the stockholder’s notice, containing the information required by paragraph (a)(3) of this Section 1.11, shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 90th day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time,  on the later of the 60th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder’s notice as described above.

^^General. (1) If information submitted pursuant to this Section 1.11 by any stockholder proposing a nominee for election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders shall be inaccurate in any material respect, such information may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.11. Any such stockholder shall notify the Corporation of any inaccuracy or change (within two Business Days of becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change) in any such information. Upon written request by the secretary or the Board of Directors, any such stockholder shall provide, within five Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), (A) written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the Board of Directors or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 1.11, and (B) a written update of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 1.11 as of an earlier date. If a stockholder fails to provide such written verification or written update within such period, the information as to which written verification or a written update was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.11.

^Only such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 1.11 shall be eligible for election by stockholders as directors, and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.11. The chairman of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made, or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 1.11.

^“Public announcement” shall mean disclosure (i) in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Business Wire, PR Newswire or other widely circulated news or wire service or (ii) in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act.

^Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 1.11. Nothing in this Section 1.11 shall be deemed to affect any right of a stockholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, or the right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from, the Corporation’s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. Nothing in this Section 1.11 shall require disclosure of revocable proxies received by the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person pursuant to a solicitation of proxies after the filing of an effective Schedule 14A under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act.

^Informal Action by Stockholders. Any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting if there is filed with the records of stockholders meetings a unanimous consent given in writing or by electronic transmission which sets forth the action and is signed by each stockholder entitled to vote on the matter and a written waiver of any right to dissent signed by each stockholder entitled to notice of the meeting but not entitled to vote at it.

^\centered BOARD OF DIRECTORS

^Function of Directors. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of its Board of Directors. All powers of the Corporation may be exercised by or under authority of the Board of Directors, except as conferred on or reserved to the stockholders by statute or by the Charter or Bylaws.

^Number and Tenure. The Corporation shall have ten directors. At any regular meeting or at any special meeting called for that purpose, a majority of the entire Board of Directors may establish, increase or decrease the number of directors, provided that the number thereof shall never be less than the minimum number required by the Maryland General Corporation Law (the “MGCL”), and further provided that the tenure of office of a director shall not be affected by any decrease in the number of directors. Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the chairman of the board or the secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation.

^Removal of Director. Any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of at least 66-2/[[Percentage 2: Number]]% of the voting power of all the then outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class.

^Vacancy on Board. If for any reason any or all the directors cease to be directors, such event shall not terminate the Corporation or affect these Bylaws or the powers of the remaining directors hereunder. Newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from any other cause shall be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, whether or not sufficient to constitute a quorum, or by a majority vote of the stockholders. A director elected by the stockholders to fill a vacancy shall serve for the balance of the term of the vacant directorship. A director elected by the Board of Directors to fill a vacancy shall serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is elected and qualifies.

^Regular Meetings. After each meeting of stockholders at which directors shall have been elected, the Board of Directors shall meet as soon as practicable for the purpose of organization and the transaction of other business, no notice other than this Bylaw being necessary. In the event that no other time and place are specified by resolution of the Board, the chief executive officer, the president or the chairman of the board, with notice in accordance with Section 2.07, the Board of Directors shall meet immediately following the close of, and at the place of, such stockholders meeting. Any other regular meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held on such date and at any place as may be designated from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors, without other notice than such resolution.

^Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, the president or by a majority of the directors then in office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix any place as the place for holding any special meeting of the Board of Directors called by them. The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place for the holding of special meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution.

^Notice of Meeting. Except as provided in Sections 2.05 and 2.06, the secretary shall give notice to each director of each regular and special meeting of the Board of Directors. The notice shall state the time and place of the meeting. Notice is given to a director when it is delivered personally to him or her, left at his or her residence or usual place of business, or sent by telegraph, facsimile transmission, electronic transmission or telephone, at least 24 hours before the time of the meeting or sent by courier at least 48 hours before the time of the meeting or sent by mail to his or her address as it shall appear on the records of the Corporation, at least 72 hours before the time of the meeting. Telephone notice shall be deemed to be given when the director or his or her agent is personally given such notice in a telephone call to which the director or his or her agent is a party. Electronic mail notice shall be deemed to be given upon transmission of the message to the electronic mail address given to the Corporation by the director. Facsimile transmission notice shall be deemed to be given upon completion of the transmission of the message to the number given to the Corporation by the director and receipt of a completed answer-back indicating receipt. Notice by United States mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail properly addressed, with postage thereon prepaid. Notice by courier shall be deemed to be given when deposited with or delivered to a courier properly addressed. Unless a statute, the Bylaws or a resolution of the Board of Directors provides otherwise, the notice need not state the business to be transacted at or the purposes of any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors. No notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors need be given to any director who attends except where a director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened, or to any director who, in writing executed and filed with the records of the meeting either before or after the holding thereof, waives such notice. Any meeting of the Board of Directors, regular or special, may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and no notice need be given of any such adjourned meeting other than by announcement.

^Quorum; Action by Directors. Unless a statute or the Charter or Bylaws requires a greater proportion, the action of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is the action of the Board of Directors. A majority of the entire Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, provided that if, pursuant to applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws, the vote of a majority or other percentage of a particular group of directors is required for action, a quorum must also include a majority of such group. In the absence of a quorum, the directors present by majority vote and without notice other than by announcement may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum shall attend. At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each member of the Board and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board.

The directors present at a meeting which has been duly called and at which a quorum was established may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough directors to leave less than a quorum.

^Organization. At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the chairman of the board or a person appointed by the chairman of the board to conduct the meeting or, in the absence of the chairman of the board and in the absence of such appointment by the chairman of the board, the vice chairman of the board, if any, shall act as chairman of the meeting. In the absence of both the chairman and vice chairman of the board, the chief executive officer or in the absence of the chief executive officer, the president or in the absence of the president, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act as chairman of the meeting. The secretary or, in his or her absence, an assistant secretary of the Corporation, or in the absence of the secretary and all assistant secretaries, a person appointed by the chairman of the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting.

^Meeting by Conference Telephone. Members of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means constitutes presence in person at a meeting.

^Reliance. Each director and officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties with respect to the Corporation, be entitled to rely on any information, opinion, report or statement, including any financial statement or other financial data, prepared or presented by an officer or employee of the Corporation whom the director or officer reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented, by a lawyer, certified public accountant or other person, as to a matter which the director or officer reasonably believes to be within the person’s professional or expert competence, or, with respect to a director, by a committee of the Board of Directors on which the director does not serve, as to a matter within its designated authority, if the director reasonably believes the committee to merit confidence.

^Compensation*.* By resolution of the Board of Directors a fixed sum and expenses, if any, for attendance at each regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or of committees thereof, and other compensation for their services as such or on committees of the Board of Directors, may be paid to directors. Directors who are full-time employees of the Corporation need not be paid for attendance at meetings of the board or committees thereof for which fees are paid to other directors. A director who serves the Corporation in any other capacity also may receive compensation for such other services, pursuant to a resolution of the directors.

^Ratification. The Board of Directors or the stockholders may ratify and make binding on the Corporation any action or inaction by the Corporation or its officers to the extent that the Board of Directors or the stockholders could have originally authorized the matter. Moreover, any action or inaction questioned in any stockholders’ derivative proceeding or any other proceeding on the ground of lack of authority, defective or irregular execution, adverse interest of a director, officer or stockholder, non-disclosure, miscomputation, the application of improper principles or practices of accounting, or otherwise, may be ratified, before or after judgment, by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders, and if so ratified, shall have the same force and effect as if the questioned action or inaction had been originally duly authorized, and such ratification shall be binding upon the Corporation and its stockholders and shall constitute a bar to any claim or execution of any judgment in respect of such questioned action or inaction.

^\centered COMMITTEES

^Committees. The Board of Directors may appoint from among its members an Executive Committee, an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and other committees to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and may delegate to these committees any of the powers of the Board of Directors, except as prohibited by applicable law or stock exchange regulation. The Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall be composed entirely of independent directors. The Executive Committee, Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall be composed of two or more directors and any other committees may be composed of one or more directors, except as otherwise required by applicable law or stock exchange regulation.

^Committee Procedure. Each committee may fix rules of procedure for its business. A majority of the members of a committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of those present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the committee. The Board of Directors may designate a chairman of any committee or permit the committee members to designate the chairman, and such chairman or, in the absence of a chairman, any two members of any committee (if there are at least two members of the Committee) may fix the time and place of its meeting unless the Board shall otherwise provide. Notice of committee meetings shall be given in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 for notice of directors’ meetings. The members of a committee present at any meeting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may appoint a director to act in the place of an absent member The members of a committee may conduct any meeting thereof by conference telephone in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.10.

^Consent by Committees Without a Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each member of the committee and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of such committee.

^Vacancies. Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board of Directors shall have the power at any time to change the membership of any committee, to fill any vacancy, to designate an alternate member to replace any absent or disqualified member or to dissolve any such committee.

^Emergency. In the event of a state of disaster of sufficient severity to prevent the conduct and management of the affairs and business of the Corporation by its directors and officers as contemplated by the Charter and the Bylaws, any two or more available members of the then incumbent Executive Committee shall constitute a quorum of that Committee for the full conduct and management of the affairs and business of the Corporation in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.01. In the event of the unavailability, at such time, of a minimum of two members of the then incumbent Executive Committee, the available directors shall elect an Executive Committee consisting of any two members of the Board of Directors, whether or not they be officers of the Corporation, which two members shall constitute the Executive Committee for the full conduct and management of the affairs of the Corporation in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section. This Section shall be subject to implementation by resolution of the Board of Directors passed from time to time for that purpose, and any provisions of the Bylaws (other than this Section) and any resolutions which are contrary to the provisions of this Section or to the provisions of any such implementary resolutions shall be suspended until it shall be determined by any interim Executive Committee acting under this Section that it shall be to the advantage of the Corporation to resume the conduct and management of its affairs and business under all the other provisions of the Bylaws.

^\centered OFFICERS

^Executive and Other Officers. The Corporation shall have a president, a secretary, and a treasurer. It may also have a chairman of the board, a vice chairman of the board, a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents, a chief operating officer, a chief financial officer, a chief legal officer, one or more assistant secretaries and one or more assistant treasurers. In addition, the Board of Directors may from time to time elect such other officers with such powers and duties as they shall deem necessary or desirable. The Board of Directors shall designate who shall serve as chief executive officer and may designate a chief operating officer. In the absence of any designation, the chairman of the board, if there be one, shall serve as chief executive officer and the president shall serve as chief operating officer. In the absence of the chairman of the board, or if there be none, the president shall be the chief executive officer. The same person may hold both offices. The executive officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors, except that the chief executive officer, the president, the chief operating officer, the chief financial officer, the chief legal officer or such other officer or committee as may be so authorized by the Board of Directors may from time to time appoint one or more vice presidents, assistant secretaries, assistant treasurers or other assistant or subordinate officers. Each officer shall serve until his or her successor is elected or appointed and qualifies or until his or her death, or his or her resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided. A person may hold more than one office in the Corporation except that no person may serve concurrently as both president and vice-president of the Corporation. The chairman of the board shall be a director; the other officers may, but need not, be directors.

^Chairman of the Board. Unless some other chairman is appointed pursuant to these Bylaws to preside at a meeting of stockholders or directors, the chairman of the board, if one be elected, shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and of the stockholders at which he or she shall be present. Unless otherwise specified by the Board of Directors, he or she shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation and perform the duties customarily performed by chief executive officers, and may perform any duties of the president. In general, he or she shall perform all such duties as are from time to time assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors.

^Chief Executive Officer. The chief executive officer shall have general responsibility for implementation of the policies of the Corporation, as determined by the Board of Directors, and for the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed.

^Chief Operating Officer. The Board of Directors may designate a chief operating officer. The chief operating officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer.

^Chief Financial Officer. The Board of Directors may designate a chief financial officer. The chief financial officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer.

^Chief Legal Officer. The Board of Directors may designate a chief legal officer. The chief legal officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer.

^President. Unless otherwise provided by resolution of the Board of Directors, or by appointment in accordance with Section 4.02, the president, in the absence of the chairman of the board, shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and of the stockholders at which he or she shall be present. Unless otherwise specified by the Board of Directors, the president shall be the chief operating officer of the Corporation and perform the duties customarily performed by chief operating officers. He or she may sign and execute, in the name of the Corporation, all authorized deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments, except in cases in which the signing and execution thereof shall have been expressly delegated to some other officer or agent of the Corporation. In general, he or she shall perform such other duties usually performed by a president of a corporation and other duties as are from time to time assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer.

^Vice-Presidents. The vice-president or vice-presidents, at the request of the chief executive officer or the president, or in the president’s absence or during his or her inability to act, shall perform the duties and exercise the functions of the president, and when so acting shall have the powers of the president. If there be more than one vice-president, the Board of Directors may determine which one or more of the vice-presidents shall perform any of such duties or exercise any of such functions, or if such determination is not made by the

Board of Directors, the chief executive officer or the president may make such determination; otherwise any of the executive vice-presidents may perform any of such duties or exercise any of such functions. The vice-president or vice-presidents shall have such other powers and perform such other duties, and have such additional descriptive designations in their titles (if any), as are from time to time assigned to them by the Board of Directors or the individual who appointed them in accordance with Section 4.01 or their successors. The Board of Directors, the chief executive officer or president may designate one or more vice presidents as an executive vice president or a senior vice president.

^Secretary. The secretary shall keep the minutes of the meetings of the stockholders, of the Board of Directors and of any committees, in books provided for the purpose; he or she shall see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of the Bylaws or as required by law; he or she shall be custodian of the records of the Corporation; he or she may witness any document on behalf of the Corporation, the execution of which is duly authorized, see that the corporate seal is affixed where such document is required or desired to be under its seal, and, when so affixed, may attest the same; and, in general, he or she shall perform all duties incident to the office of a secretary of a corporation, and such other duties as are from time to time assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, or the president.

^Treasurer. The treasurer shall have charge of and be responsible for all funds, securities, receipts and disbursements of the Corporation, and shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, in the name of the Corporation, all moneys or other valuable effects in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as shall, from time to time, be selected by the Board of Directors; the chief executive officer, the president, the chief operating officer, the chief financial officer, the chief legal officer or such other officer or committee as may be so authorized by the Board of Directors, he shall render to the president and to the Board of Directors, whenever requested, an account of t he financial condition of the Corporation; and, in general, he shall perform all the duties incident to the office of a treasurer of a corporation, and such other duties as are from time to time assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, or the president.

^Assistant and Subordinate Officers. The assistant and subordinate officers of the Corporation are all officers below the office of vice-president, secretary, or treasurer. The assistant or subordinate officers shall have such duties as are from time to time assigned to them by the Board of Directors or the individual who appointed them in accordance with Section 4.01 or their successors.

^Election, Tenure and Removal of Officers. The officers shall be elected or appointed in accordance with Section 4.01. Election or appointment of an officer, employee or agent shall not of itself create contract rights. All officers shall be elected or appointed to hold their offices at the pleasure of the Board or the authorized officer who appointed such individual or his or her successor. The Board of Directors may name an officer at any time. The removal of an officer does not prejudice any of his or her contract rights, if any. The Board of Directors or any authorized officer under Section 4.01 may fill a vacancy which occurs in any office for the unexpired portion of the term. Any officer of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the chairman of the board, the president, the secretary or such officer’s supervisor. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. Such resignation shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the Corporation.

^Compensation. The Board of Directors shall have power to fix the salaries and other compensation and remuneration, of whatever kind, of all officers of the Corporation except as otherwise delegated to any committee or officer. No officer shall be prevented from receiving such salary by reason of the fact that he or she is also a director of the Corporation. Any committee or officer, upon whom the power of appointing officers may have been conferred by these Bylaws or by the Board of Directors, may fix the salaries, compensation and remuneration of such officers.

^\centered DIVISIONAL TITLES

^Conferring Divisional Titles. The Board of Directors, the chief executive officer or the president may from time to time confer upon any employee of a division of the Corporation the title of president, vice president, treasurer or controller of such division or any other title or titles deemed appropriate, or may authorize other officers to do so. Any such titles so conferred may be discontinued and withdrawn at any time by the Board of Directors or by such authorized officers. Any employee of a division designated by such a divisional title shall have the powers and duties with respect to such division as shall be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer or such other authorized officers.

^Effect of Divisional Titles. The conferring of divisional titles shall not create an office of the Corporation under Article IV unless specifically designated as such by the Board of Directors; but any person who is an officer of the Corporation may also have a divisional title.

^\centered STOCK

^Certificates for Stock. If authorized by the Board of Directors, the Corporation may issue some or all of the shares of any or all of the Corporation’s classes or series of stock without certificates. The issuance of shares in uncertificated form shall not affect shares already represented by a certificate until the certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, each stockholder, upon written request to the secretary of the Corporation, shall be entitled to a certificate or certificates which shall represent and certify the number of shares of each class of stock held by such stockholder in the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock represented by certificates, such certificates shall be in such form as prescribed by the Board of Directors and contain the statements and information and be executed in the manner required by the MGCL. There shall be no differences in the rights and obligations of stockholders based on whether or not their shares are represented by certificates. If a class or series of stock is authorized by the Board of Directors to be issued without certificates, no stockholder shall be entitled to a certificate or certificates representing any shares of such class or series of stock held by such stockholder unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors and then only upon written request by such stockholder to the secretary of the Corporation.

^Transfers. All transfers of shares of stock shall be made on the books of the Corporation, by the holder of the shares in such manner as the Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation may prescribe and, if such shares are certificated, upon surrender of certificates duly endorsed. The issuance of a new certificate upon the transfer of certificated shares is subject to the determination of the Board of Directors that such shares shall continue to be represented by certificates.

The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share of stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise expressly provided by the laws of the State of Maryland.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers of shares of any class or series of stock will be subject in all respects to the Charter and all of the terms and conditions contained therein.

^Replacement Certificate. Any officer of the Corporation may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate to be lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated; provided, however, if such shares have ceased to be certificated, no new certificate shall be issued unless requested in writing by such stockholder and the Board of Directors has determined that such certificates may be issued. Unless otherwise determined by an officer of the Corporation, the owner of such lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated certificate or certificates, or his or her legal representative, shall be required, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, to give the Corporation a bond in such sums as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation.

^Fixing of Record Date. The Board of Directors may set, in advance, a record date for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend, the allotment of any other rights or in order to make a determination of stockholders for any other proper purpose. Such date, in any case, shall not be prior to the close of business on the day the record date is fixed and shall not be more than 90 days and, in the case of a meeting of stockholders, not less than ten days, before the date on which the meeting or particular action requiring such determination of stockholders of record is to be held or taken.

When a record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at any meeting of stockholders has been set as provided in this section, such record date shall continue to apply to the meeting if adjourned or postponed, except if the meeting is adjourned to a date more than 120 days or postponed to a date more than 90 days after the record date originally fixed for the meeting, in which case a new record date for such meeting may be determined as set forth herein.

^Stock Ledger. The Corporation shall maintain a stock ledger which contains the name and address of each stockholder and the number of shares of stock of each class which the stockholder holds. The stock ledger may be in written form or in any other form, which can be converted within a reasonable time into written form for visual inspection. The original or a duplicate of the stock ledger shall be kept at the offices of a transfer agent for the particular class of stock, or, if none, at the principal office in the State of Maryland or the principal executive offices of the Corporation.

^Fractional Stock; Issuance of Units. The Board of Directors may issue fractional stock or provide for the issuance of scrip, all on such terms and under such conditions as they may determine. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may issue units consisting of different securities of the Corporation. Any security issued in a unit shall have the same characteristics as any identical securities issued by the Corporation, except that the Board of Directors may provide that for a specified period securities of the Corporation issued in such unit may be transferred on the books of the Corporation only in such unit.

^\centered FINANCE

^Checks, Drafts, Etc. All checks, drafts and orders for the payment of money, notes and other evidences of indebtedness, issued in the name of the Corporation, shall, unless otherwise provided by resolution of the Board of Directors, be signed by the chief executive officer, the president, a vice-president or an assistant vice-president.

^Annual Statement of Affairs. The president or chief accounting officer shall prepare annually a full and correct statement of the affairs of the Corporation, to include a balance sheet and a financial statement of operations for the preceding fiscal year. The statement of affairs shall be submitted at the annual meeting of the stockholders and, within 20 days after the meeting, placed on file at the Corporation’s principal office.

^Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be the twelve calendar months period ending [[Date 2: Date]] in each year, unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors.

^Contracts. To the extent permitted by applicable law, and except as otherwise prescribed by the Charter or these Bylaws with respect to certificates for shares, the Board of Directors may authorize any officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation to enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances.

^\centered SUMMARY PROVISIONS

^Books and Records. The Corporation shall keep correct and complete books and records of its accounts and transactions and minutes of the proceedings of its stockholders and Board of Directors and of any executive or other committee when exercising any of the powers of the Board of Directors. The books and records of a Corporation may be in written form or in any other form which can be converted within a reasonable time into written form for visual inspection. Minutes shall be recorded in written form but may be maintained in the form of a reproduction. The original or a certified copy of the Bylaws shall be kept at the principal office of the Corporation.

^Corporate Seal. If the Corporation is required to place its corporate seal to a document, it is sufficient to meet the requirement of any law, rule, or regulation relating to a corporate seal to place the word “Seal” adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to sign the document on behalf of the Corporation.

^Bonds. The Board of Directors may require any officer, agent or employee of the Corporation to give a bond to the Corporation, conditioned upon the faithful discharge of his or her duties, with one or more sureties and in such amount as may be satisfactory to the Board of Directors.

^Voting Upon Shares in Other Corporations. Stock of other corporations or associations, registered in the name of the Corporation, may be voted by the chief executive officer, the president, a vice president, or a proxy appointed by either of them. The Board of Directors, however, may by resolution appoint some other person to vote such shares, in which case such person shall be entitled to vote such shares upon the production of a certified copy of such resolution.

^Execution of Documents. A person who holds more than one office in the Corporation may not act in more than one capacity to execute, acknowledge, or verify an instrument required by law to be executed, acknowledged, or verified by more than one officer.

^Control Share Acquisition Act. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws, Title 3, Subtitle 7 of the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland (or any successor statute) shall not apply to any acquisition by any person of shares of stock of the Corporation. This section may be repealed, in whole or in part, at any time, whether before or after an acquisition of control shares and, upon such repeal, may, to the extent provided by any successor Bylaw, apply to any prior or subsequent control share acquisition.

^\centered DISTRIBUTIONS

^Authorization. Dividends and other distributions upon the stock of the Corporation may be authorized by the Board of Directors, subject to the provisions of law and the Charter. Dividends and other distributions may be paid in cash, property or stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of law and the Charter.

^Contingencies. Before payment of any dividends or other distributions, there may be set aside out of any assets of the Corporation available for dividends or other distributions such sum or sums as the Board of Directors may from time to time, in its absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve fund for contingencies, for equalizing dividends, for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall determine, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve.

^\centered INVESTMENT POLICY

Subject to the provisions of the Charter, the Board of Directors may from time to time adopt, amend, revise or terminate any policy or policies with respect to investments by the Corporation as it shall deem appropriate in its sole discretion.

^\centered INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCE OF EXPENSES

^General. To the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time and by Article SEVENTH, Paragraph 6 of the Charter, the Corporation shall indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, shall pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to (a) any individual who is a present or former director or officer of the Corporation and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Corporation and at the request of the Corporation, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner or trustee of another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The rights to indemnification and advance of expenses provided by the Charter and these Bylaws shall vest immediately upon election of a director or officer. The Corporation may, with the approval of its Board of Directors, provide such indemnification and advance for expenses to an individual who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (a) or (b) above and to any employee or agent of the Corporation or a predecessor of the Corporation.

^Procedure. Any indemnification, or payment, of expenses in advance of the final disposition of any proceeding, shall be made promptly, and in any event within 60 days, upon the written request of the person entitled to seek indemnification (the

“Indemnified Party”). The right to indemnification and advances hereunder shall be enforceable by the Indemnified Party in any court of competent jurisdiction, if (i) the Corporation denies such request, in whole or in part, or (ii) no disposition thereof is made within 60 days. The Indemnified Party’s costs and expenses incurred in connection with successfully establishing his or her right to indemnification, in whole or in part, in any such action shall also be reimbursed by the Corporation. It shall be a defense to any action for advance of expenses that (a) a determination has been made that the facts then known to those making the determination would preclude indemnification or (b) the Corporation has not received both (i) an undertaking as required by law to repay such advances in the event it shall ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct for indemnification has not been met and (ii) a written affirmation by the Indemnified Party of such Indemnified Party’s good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Corporation has been met.

^Exclusivity, Etc. The rights to indemnification and advance of expenses provided by the Charter and these Bylaws shall not be deemed exclusive of, or limit in any way, any other rights to which a person seeking indemnification or advance of expenses may be entitled under any law (common or statutory), or any insurance, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or other provision that is consistent with law, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office or while employed by or acting as director, officer or agent for the Corporation. Such rights shall continue in respect of all events occurring while a person was a director or officer after such person has ceased to be a director or officer, and shall inure to the benefit of the estate, heirs, executors and administrators of such person. All rights to indemnification and advance of expenses under the Charter and hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract between the Corporation and each director or officer or former director or officer of the Corporation who serves or served in such capacity at any time while this Bylaw is in effect. Nothing herein shall prevent the amendment of this Bylaw, provided that no such amendment shall diminish the rights of any person hereunder with respect to events occurring or claims made before its adoption or as to claims made after its adoption in respect of events occurring before its adoption. Any repeal or modification of this Bylaw or the adoption or any amendment of any other provision of the Bylaws or Charter inconsistent with this Bylaw shall not in any way diminish any rights to indemnification or advance of expenses of such director or officer or former director or officer or the obligations of the Corporation arising hereunder with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption or with respect to events occurring, or claims made, while this Bylaw or any provision hereof is in force.

^S everability; Definitions. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Article XI shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other provision hereof. The phrase “this Bylaw” in this Article XI means this Article XI in its entirety.

^\centered WAIVER OF NOTICE

Whenever any notice of a meeting is required to be given pursuant to the Charter or these Bylaws or pursuant to applicable law, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any meeting need be set forth in the waiver of notice, unless specifically required by statute. The attendance of any person at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

^\centered AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS

The Board of Directors shall have the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of these Bylaws and to make new Bylaws.
